<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>Preface</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet.css"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="frontmatter">
<section epub:type="preface" role="doc-preface">
<h1 class="fmtitle"><span epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak" id="page_viii" aria-label="viii"/><span epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak" id="page_ix" aria-label="ix"/>Preface</h1>
<p class="indent">This book is about generating functions and some of their uses in discrete mathematics. The subject is so vast that I have not attempted to give a comprehensive discussion. Instead I have tried only to communicate some of the main ideas.</p>
<p class="indent">Generating functions are a bridge between discrete mathematics, on the one hand, and continuous analysis (particularly complex variable theory) on the other. It is possible to study them solely as tools for solving discrete problems. As such there is much that is powerful and magical in the way generating functions give unified methods for handling such problems. The reader who wished to omit the analytical parts of the subject would skip chapter 5 and portions of the earlier material.</p>
<p class="indent">To omit those parts of the subject, however, is like listening to a stereo broadcast of, say, Beethoven&#x2019;s Ninth Symphony, using only the left audio channel.</p>
<p class="indent">The full beauty of the subject of generating functions emerges only from tuning in on both channels: the discrete and the continuous. See how they make the solution of difference equations into child&#x2019;s play. Then see how the theory of functions of a complex variable gives, virtually by inspection, the approximate size of the solution. The interplay between the two channels is vitally important for the appreciation of the music.</p>
<p class="indent">In recent years there has been a vigorous trend in the direction of finding bijective proofs of combinatorial theorems. That is, if we want to prove that two sets have the same cardinality then we should be able to do it by exhibiting an explicit bijection between the sets. In many cases the fact that the two sets have the same cardinality was discovered in the first place by generating function arguments. Also, even though bijective arguments may be known, the generating function proofs may be shorter or more elegant.</p>
<p class="indent">The bijective proofs give one a certain satisfying feeling that one &#x2018;really&#x2019; understands why the theorem is true. The generating function arguments</p>
<p class="indent"><span epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak" id="page_x" aria-label="x"/>often give satisfying feelings of naturalness, and &#x2018;oh, I could have thought of that,&#x2019; as well as usually offering the best route to finding exact or approximate formulas for the numbers in question.</p>
<p class="indent">This book was tested in a senior course in discrete mathematics at the University of Pennsylvania. My thanks go to the students in that course for helping me at least partially to debug the manuscript, and to a number of my colleagues who have made many helpful suggestions. Any reader who is kind enough to send me a correction will receive a then-current complete errata sheet and many thanks.</p>
<p class="indent">Herbert S. Wilf</p>
<p class="indent">Philadelphia, PA</p>
<p class="indent">September 1, 1989</p>
<p class="indent"><b>Preface to the Second Edition</b></p>
<p class="indent">This edition contains several new areas of application, in chapter 4, many new problems and solutions, a number of improvements in the presentation, and corrections. It also contains an Appendix that describes some of the features of computer algebra programs that are of particular importance in the study of generating functions.</p>
<p class="indent">I am indebted to many people for helping to make this a better book. Bruce Sagan, in particular, made many helpful suggestions as a result of a test run in his classroom. Many readers took up my offer (which is now repeated) to supply a current errata sheet and my thanks in return for any errors discovered.</p>
<p class="indent">Herbert S. Wilf</p>
<p class="indent">Philadelphia, PA</p>
<p class="indent">May 21, 1992</p>
<p class="indent"><b>Preface to the Third Edition</b></p>
<p class="indent">For several years the Second Edition of this book has been downloadable on the web. What has happened is that a very large number of these files, perhaps more than a quarter million, have been downloaded and many people have expressed the wish that a print edition might again be made available. As a result, A K Peters, Ltd. has kindly agreed to reissue the book in this new Third Edition. Suggestions and comments are, as always, most welcome.</p>
</section>
</body>
</html>